fix(dao) invalidate client certificate cache when updating (#8934)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  being reloaded. [#8702](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/8702)
- The private stream API has been rewritten to allow for larger message payloads
  [#8641](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/8641)

> - Fixed an issue that the certificate caching would not be refreshed after updating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that the client certificate sent to upstream was not updated when calling PATCH Admin API
```
